update docs to reflect issues with macOS Carthage support (#256)
DevCycleHQ/devcycle-docs: docs/sdk/client-side-sdks/ios/ios-install.md

  </TabItem>
<TabItem value="carthage" label="Carthage">

:::caution

> Installing the DevCycle iOS SDK for macOS with Carthage is currently not working correctly. We are investigating a solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Carthage support for MacOS development with the DevCycle iOS SDK is currently not supported. Please contact us for more info. 
```
